>> Sarah Drasner: No more number garbage,
you now know what all of those things are,
cool.
So the viewbox and responsive,
I mentioned before that it's
a piece of graph paper that gets
shrunk and gets bigger and smaller.
But let's actually look
at what that looks like.
So if I have this SVG
viewbox at 450 100 and
the width is 450px,
this is what it looks like.
If I change that to 250px,
it's the same piece of graph
paper plotting the same points.
It's just a smaller piece of graph paper.
Cool.
>> Sarah Drasner: So
if I move something out of the viewbox,
this is what we'll get.
That rectangle will all of
a sudden be clipped out.
And that means that you can actually
clip and mask things on the fly,
if you want to.
If you wanted to have things not
showing up for a little while and
then make their grand
entrance onto the SVG.
You can do that by pushing it outside and
bringing it back down.
The SVG still knows it's there,
unlike a JPEG,
where those things are literally cropped
out of the frame, they don't exist.
It still exists, but
this is the other thing about that.
If you're working with a designer
who has a messy artboard and
there's all sorts of stuff [LAUGH]
on the side they might exporting.
Not necessarily, Illustrator has
gotten really smart about this and
it started cropping things
out better not in the frame.
But if they don't pay attention to
that stuff, you might be shipping
a bunch of that other gunk that
they're keeping off on the side.
So keep that in consideration, too.
So you can do stuff like this.
This is a really simple pen.
This is not fantastic or anything.
But it's just taking a bunch of clouds,
moving them off to the side and
then moving them across and
because of the viewbox, they're clipped.
They're not showing up until I've
brought them into the scene.